add initial doc update (#12)
integr8ly/cloud-resource-operator: doc/smtp.md

# Cloud Resource Operator - SMTP 

## Usage
To seed a Kubernetes/Openshift cluster with an example SMTP resource:
```
$ make cluster/prepare 
$ make cluster/seed/smtp
```
### AWS Strategy

> A JSON object containing two keys - `region`, which is a supported [AWS region code](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#ses_region).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JSON object containing a `region` key, which is a supported [AWS region code](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#ses_region).                                    
```

# Cloud Resource Operator - SMTP 

## Usage
To seed a Kubernetes/Openshift cluster with an example SMTP resource:
```
$ make cluster/prepare 
$ make cluster/seed/smtp
```

## Strategy 
A config map object is expected to exist for each provider that will be used by the operator. This config map contains provider-specific information about how to deploy a particular resource type, such as blob storage. In the Cloud Resources Operator, this provider-specific configuration is called a strategy. An example of the AWS strategy can be seen [here](../deploy/examples/config_aws_strat.yaml)
### AWS Strategy

> A JSON object containing two keys - `region`, which is a supported [AWS region code](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#ses_region). `strategy`, which for now does not have any options

Reviewer: Can you add the AWS region code link to the others as well? Also do we need to include strategy if it's not supported yet?
